DOC-778: Stream worker ml topic (#872)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/cep/query-guide/functions/streaming-ml/bayesianregression.md

## Example 1

```sql
CREATE STREAM StreamA (attribute_0 double, attribute_1 double, attribute_2 double, attribute_3 double);
CREATE STREAM PredictionStream (attribute_0 double, attribute_1 double, attribute_2 double, attribute_3 double);

CREATE SINK STREAM OutputStream (prediction double, confidence double, attribute_0 double, attribute_1 double, attribute_2 double, attribute_3 double);

@info(name = 'predictAttributes')
INSERT INTO OutputStream
SELECT prediction, confidence, attribute_0, attribute_1, attribute_2, attribute_3
FROM PredictionStream#streamingml:bayesianRegression('model1', attribute_0, attribute_1, attribute_2, attribute_3);
```

This query uses a Bayesian regression model named `model1` to predict the label of the feature vector represented by `attribute_0`, `attribute_1`, `attribute_2`, and `attribute_3`. The `StreamA` contains the input features, and the `PredictionStream` is created with the same features.

A sink stream, `OutputStream`, is defined to store the predicted values, prediction confidence (std of predictive distribution), and the original features from the `PredictionStream`.

> The `predictAttributes` query processes events from the `PredictionStream`, using the Bayesian regression model 'model1' to make predictions based on the input features. The predicted values, along with their confidences and original features, are inserted into the `OutputStream` sink stream. As a result, the OutputStream stream is defined as follows: (prediction double, confidence double, attribute_0 double, attribute_1 double, attribute_2 double, attribute_3 double).

Reviewer: We cannot use Example 1 directly we need to add somewhere that before using any bayesianRegression model we need to initialise it first using updateBayesianRegression... and that's why example2 is good.

Author: I removed the Bayesian examples and hid the documentation until the bug Koshy is going to file gets worked out.

CREATE SINK STREAM HousePricePredictions (prediction double, confidence double, square_feet double, num_bedrooms double, num_bathrooms double, age double);

@info(name = 'trainHousePriceModel')
INSERT INTO OutputStream2
SELECT *
FROM HouseDataStream#streamingml:updateBayesianRegression('housePriceModel', price, square_feet, num_bedrooms, num_bathrooms, age);

@info(name = 'predictHousePrices')
INSERT INTO HousePricePredictions
SELECT prediction, confidence, square_feet, num_bedrooms, num_bathrooms, age
FROM HousePredictionStream#streamingml:bayesianRegression('housePriceModel', square_feet, num_bedrooms, num_bathrooms, age);
```

In this example, two input streams are created: `HouseDataStream` for model training and `HousePredictionStream` for making predictions. The `HouseDataStream` contains the square footage, number of bedrooms, number of bathrooms, age of the house, and the actual price. The `HousePredictionStream` contains the same features but without the actual price.

A sink stream, `HousePricePredictions`, is defined to store the predicted house prices, prediction confidence, and the original features from the `HousePredictionStream`.

> The `trainHousePriceModel` query processes events from the `HouseDataStream`, updating the Bayesian linear regression model 'housePriceModel' using the input features and the actual house prices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `trainHousePriceModel` query processes events from the `HouseDataStream`, and builds or updates the Bayesian linear regression model 'housePriceModel' using the input features and the actual house prices.
```
